~ informative speech cadence (John archer) ~

I was hoping, that someone could tie in the creation of stars to the creation of gems.  

~ Fast, intrigued cadence ~

But I realized last night that it's not gems that form like stars, rather rails apps do!  All this stuff, these space particles, mostly hydrogen, just kinda drifted in -- gravitated towards this central, monolithic body.  And after a certain point, 

~ Slow, surprised cadence ~

things started to get hot.  

Things got out of hand!  

There was too much friction, 
too much stuff, 

~ Pick up pace, warning cadence ~

and things reached the verge of igniting in a blaze of nuclear fusion --this is the kind of fire that won't extinguish in our god damn lifetimes.  

Once a star reaches that point, it's completely out of any _one's_ control.  At this point, this point of no return, it becomes a fixture of the universe.  A symbol of life amidst haphazardness, amidst chaos --completely absent of any notions of coercion or management outside of it's own brilliant, blazing body.  

~ Brooklyn, tell it like it is cadence ~

Did you bank 50k this year?  100k?  

~ lulzy big deal ~

200! kay!  

~ calm down buddy... ~

Ok... ok... 

But are you a fixture. of. the. universe?  

...Are you the reason for the spectrum that we know as the periodic table of elements?  No madams and sirs, we are of these things but as members; as participants.  

And try as some might with ascriptions of 

  - measurements, commendations,
  - embellishments and bullshit, 

those on that path are nothing more than kidders and self-delusionists with but a loose sense of context.  A more noble question than salary or rank I recommend everyone ask themselves is this: Am I creating beauty of some kind?

Anyway that's what a feature-rich rails application is: A mass of particles on the verge of nuclear detonation.  And maybe every good rails app --MAYBE EVERY GOOD THING should lead up to an explosion.  A really nice one that produces more for the universe than what exis-ted_be-fore_hand.  Maybe that's what I'm getting at.  

With that said, lets begin by first creating a fake rails app that we'll add pseudo complex functionality to.  



